README.md, before:

![Graduation Mona](assets/card-min.png)

This repository contains the [yearbook](https://education.github.com/graduation/yearbook) for **GitHub Graduation 2021**. By issuing a pull request to this repository, you can request to be added to the Class of 2021. 


## Privacy Notice 👀
Consider that all the information that you add to this repository will be publicly available.

- If you don't feel comfortable with displaying your full name, you can include a short name or nickname instead.

# Who can apply 📝
Any higher education student that has or will graduate in 2021 can apply to the yearbook.

- Non-Traditional Education (Bootcamps, Codecamps, Hacker Schools, etc)
- High School Graduates
- College Graduates
- Master's Graduates
- Ph.D. Graduates

# How to join the Class of 2021

Replace `<YOUR-USERNAME>` with your GitHub username in this guide.

## 1. Create the folder _data/YOUR-USERNAME/ 
Fork this repository, create a new folder inside the `_data` folder, and name it with your username. It should look something like this `_data/<YOUR-USERNAME>/`. Ex.


```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/
```
## 2. Add your profile information
Create a markdown file in your folder following the convention `<YOUR-USERNAME>.md`. Ex.

```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/MonaTheOctocat.md
```
Copy the next template into your file, delete the boilerplate data and fill the information with yours.
```
---
name: FULLNAME-OR-NICKNAME # No longer than 28 characters
institution: INSTITUTION-NAME 🚩 # no longer than 58 characters
quote: YOUR-SENIOR-QUOTE # no longer than 100 characters, avoid using quotes(") to guarantee the format remains the same.
github_user: YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAME
---
```

_Do not use special characters in the template above._

## 3. Form & Pull Request

Fill a [swag shipment form](https://airtable.com/shrM5IigBuRFaj33H) and submit your Pull Request

Go through the checklist on the pull request template to guarantee your submission is valid. The GitHub Education team will review your application, approve and merge your submission if everything is correct. Otherwise, you will get notified of the changes requested in the pull request comment section. 

# Graduation Day 🎓
Don't forget to watch the livestream! 

- 📆 Saturday, June 5, 2021
- ⏰ 9:00 PDT | 21:30 IST
- 📍 GitHub Education Twitch Channel
- 📎 Add the [event](http://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&dates=20210605T160000Z%2F20210605T173000Z&text=GitHub%20Graduation%20%F0%9F%8E%93&location=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.twitch.tv%2Fgithubeducation&details=) to your calendar.

Commit message:

Added eligibility criteria and a note on swag.

README.md, after:

![Graduation Mona](assets/card-min.png)

This repository contains the [yearbook](https://education.github.com/graduation/yearbook) for **GitHub Graduation 2021**. By issuing a pull request to this repository, you can request to be added to the Class of 2021. 

The first 5,000 Pull Request successfully merged into the repository will be sent custom swag in the mail. 


## Privacy Notice 👀
Consider that all the information that you add to this repository will be publicly available.

- If you don't feel comfortable with displaying your full name, you can include a short name or nickname instead.

# Who can apply 📝
We invite any higher education student that has graduated, or plans to graduate, in 2021 can apply to the yearbook. This includes bootcamps, code camps, high school graduates, Master's graduates, Ph. D. Graduates, etc.

The eligibility criteria are -
1. You have been verified as a student with the GitHub Student Developer Pack. Not yet a part of the Pack? [Apply here]().
2. You have not participated in a past GitHub Graduation event.

# How to join the Class of 2021

There are two steps in order to join graduation and receive swag in the mail. 
1. [Fill out the swag shipment form](https://airtable.com/shrM5IigBuRFaj33H). Note: the form needs to be done before creating your Pull Request and does not guarantee participation in the event. Your PR must be successfully merged to be included and only the first 5,000 merged PRs will receive swag.
2. Submit a pull request with your profile information to join the Yearbook and be highlighted in the graduation event.

## Adding yourself to Yearbook

Replace `<YOUR-USERNAME>` with your GitHub username in this guide.

### 1. Create the folder _data/YOUR-USERNAME/ 
Fork this repository, create a new folder inside the `_data` folder, and name it with your username. It should look something like this `_data/<YOUR-USERNAME>/`. Ex.

```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/
```
### 2. Add your profile information
Create a markdown file in your folder following the convention `<YOUR-USERNAME>.md`. Ex.

```
_data/MonaTheOctocat/MonaTheOctocat.md
```
Copy the next template into your file, delete the boilerplate data and fill the information with yours.
```
---
name: FULLNAME-OR-NICKNAME # No longer than 28 characters
institution: INSTITUTION-NAME 🚩 # no longer than 58 characters
quote: YOUR-SENIOR-QUOTE # no longer than 100 characters, avoid using quotes(") to guarantee the format remains the same.
github_user: YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAME
---
```

_Do not use special characters in the template above._

## 3. Submit your Pull Request

Go through the checklist on the pull request template to guarantee your submission is valid. The GitHub Education team will review your application, approve and merge your submission if everything is correct. Otherwise, you will get notified of the changes requested in the pull request comment section. 

# A note on swag 🛍
The first 5,000 successfully merged PRs will receive a custom holographic developer trading with their GitHub status in the mail. What does this mean? We will use your public GitHub profile information to create a trading card. To ensure your trading card best reflects you, please make sure your GitHub profile picture and bio are up to date.

# Graduation Day 🎓
Don't forget to watch the livestream! 

- 📆 Saturday, June 5, 2021
- ⏰ 9:00 PDT | 21:30 IST
- 📍 GitHub Education Twitch Channel
- 📎 Add the [event](http://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&dates=20210605T160000Z%2F20210605T173000Z&text=GitHub%20Graduation%20%F0%9F%8E%93&location=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.twitch.tv%2Fgithubeducation&details=) to your calendar (Google calendar invite).
